[Multi-MDS] Added Inter MDS Relationship extension section to content module (#494)
IHE/DEV.SDPi: asciidoc/volume3/biceps-extension-provisions/tf3-ch-8.3.2.10.10-extension-inter-mds-relationship.adoc

[#vol3_clause_inter_mds_relationship]
====== Inter MDS Relationship

> BICEPS does not provide means to define relationships between <<acronym_mds>>s in the same <<acronym_mdib>> since it does not support the nested <<acronym_mds>> concept.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
BICEPS does not provide means to define relationships between <<acronym_mds>>s in the same <<acronym_mdib>>, as it does not support the concept of nested <<acronym_mds>>.
```

> However, in some multi-MDS scenarios it is important to provide information about the relationship between the devices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Nevertheless, in certain multi-<<acronym_mds>> configurations, it is important to convey information regarding the relationships among <<acronym_mds>>s.
```

Examples are transport patient monitoring devices which are plugged into stationary patient monitoring devices when the patients are in beds on the care unit, infusion pumps which are plugged into a rack system, and so on.

> In these scenarios, the hosting device usually provides services to the plugged-in devices such as power supply, context synchronization, network access, and so on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In such scenarios, the hosting <<acronym_mds>> typically offers various services to the connected <<acronym_mds>>s, including power supply, context synchronization, network access, and related support functions.
```
